---
layout: post
tags: Software-Development GitHub
date: 2015-07-10 17:30
title: GitHub Workflow
published: true
---

A few DigInG projects are hosted at SourceForge and use Subversion as version control system. However, most projects are hosted on GitHub and you will most likely interact with GitHub and Git in your projects. We will use the "Gitflow Workflow" described in this [article](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/comparing-workflows/gitflow-workflow). Please read it carefully, you will be expected to follow the described procedure. The most important points for you are:

- For every story or bug you are working on, you will create a new branch off of the ``develop`` branch. The branch's name will start with "story" or "bugfix" (depending on the type of ticket you are working) followed by the ticket id.
- You will commit and push your changes only to this branch.
- Once you are done with your ticket, you will create a pull request to the ``develop`` branch.
- Tests and code style checks will be run on your code.
	- For Python projects, see [Python Code Cleanliness]({% post_url 2015-08-19-python-code-style  %}) and [Testing in Python]({% post_url 2015-08-19-testing-in-python  %}).
- If those pass, we will review your code:
	- If changes are required, you will edit your code and create a new pull request when you're done.
- Once the test, code style checks, and code review pass, we will merge your pull request.
- You will then delete your branch.

Remember, unless there are urgent bugfixes or other things that need to be changed in the develop branch, you will never directly push to the develop branch. You will also never push to the master branch.
